What grandfather?
Don't come with us, Pan Guanxiang, you guys
Can'er, this is the family you truly treat
I see your face and give them a cooperation.
But the Jiang family bullied you and me in public
The cooperation between Huacan Group and Jiang Family does not need to continue
Notify immediately
Cancel all cooperation with the Jiang family
Chairperson, are you sure?
You just questioned my order
The subordinates dare not arrange this
You are defiant
There will be nothing soon
Do you really think you are the chairperson of the cost-effective group?
And he said that.
Let our Jiang family have nothing
I bah
You really don't cry when you see the coffin?
Presumptuous husband
They just want face, don't talk nonsense with them
Today is Xiaoli's birthday
Send them away quickly
So you can celebrate Xiaoli's birthday?
Come on, the two of them dragged out and broke their legs
Smeared my son's birthday party